---
title: "2018"
permalink: /about-us/Affirmation-n-Appreciation/2018
description: ""
third_nav_title: Affirmation and Appreciation
---
<h4>From our Stakeholders</h4>
<p><strong><em><u>Compliments through Director, Ministry of Education</u></em></strong></p>
<p>11 November 2018</p>
<p><u></u><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE PRINCIPAL, TEACHERS AND STAFF MEMBERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL.</strong></p>
<p>Dear Sir/Madam,</p>
<p>We are writing to express our heartfelt appreciations to the principal, all teachers and&nbsp;supporting staff members of Anderson Primary School.</p>
<p>It is said that&nbsp;<strong>&ldquo;quality exists only when everyone cares enough to keep improving&rdquo;.&nbsp;</strong>This is very true when Anderson Primary School is concerned. Firstly; the principal, Mrs. Tan Wie Pin, is an exemplary leader who steers clearly the directions and identity for the said school. She has distinctly provided professional guidance to the teachers and supporting staff members, has even built partnership with parents and the community. She is also very professional, courteous, caring, patient and helpful.</p>
<p>As for the teachers and supporting staff members whom I had personally encountered, teachers like Mr. Jerome Leow, Miss Bhavana Thiagarajan, Miss Neo Shu Ling, Mr. Ivan Ng, Mrs. Lisa Kang, Mrs. Jenevieve Seeh, Miss Ng Xiao Yan, Miss Sutha, Mr. Chong Wee Tit and staff members like Miss Shasha, Ms Seah Chu Hwei and Mr. Koh Wee Kwang some other teachers and supporting staff members whom we may have not mentioned. We have these to say&nbsp;<strong>&ldquo;They are all very professional, courteous, caring, patient and competent!&rdquo;</strong>&nbsp;I also learnt from my son that the teachers are very skillful in using various techniques to engage children's attention and stimulate their development. Good teachers make all the difference as they are pivotal in nurturing the children. I am opined to conclude that the teachers and supporting staff members are very dedicated, strongly committed and have valuable contributions in providing an affluent and quality education to the students under their care.</p>
<p>We also appreciated the tremendous, painstaking and selfless efforts put in by the principal, vice principals all teachers and supporting staff members during my son&rsquo;s recent trip to Hong Kong and outdoor camp @ Changi We found both the events very relevant and beneficial in building the children's confidence, ability to express themselves; hence further develop their aesthetic and creative skills. Our son enjoyed the whole experience of school with a positive attitude, keen to learn every day and learning to express confidently.</p>
<p>As far as Anderson Primary School is concerned, I have never feel that I am dealing with an &ldquo;organization&rdquo;; but rather with a group of dedicated individuals who are all actively involved in creating a warm and nurturing environment that distinguishes this school. It has a good principal, teachers and supporting staff members, and all have the experiences to whet every child's appetite for learning.</p>
<p>In all, we are very confident to conclude that all the teachers of Anderson Primary School are living up to the MOE vision of&nbsp;<strong>&ldquo;Every Teacher a Caring Educator&rdquo;.</strong></p>
<p>Last but not least, we hope that these positive feedback can motivate the principal, vice principals, all teachers and supporting staff members of Anderson Primary School to continue giving of their best and keep their feats on in their future; and get more appreciations and gratitude year by year!</p>
<p>It is of much reluctance and sadness to learn that the principal, Mrs. Tan Wie Pin is leaving us. We wish to take this opportunity to wish her, all teachers and supporting staff members of Anderson Primary School, all their best in their career, and also in advance a &ldquo;Very Merry Christmas!&rdquo; and a &ldquo;Happy New Year 2019!&rdquo;</p>
<p>Thank you and warmest regards always!</p>
<p><strong>&ldquo;</strong><strong>Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire&rdquo;</strong></p>
<p><strong> William Butler Yeats</strong></p>
<p>- Mr James and Jessie Foo, Parents of Justin Foo -</p>
<p><strong><em><u>Compliments from Parents</u></em></strong></p>
<p>7 November 2018</p>
<p><u></u>Dear Mrs Tan,</p>
<p>As we approach the end of the term, I would like to express my gratitude to you and your team for the unwavering support, care and patience you have given to Justin for the past six years. Right from the start, you have been incredibly supportive. I remember you telling me that you will try your best to ensure that Justin has a meaningful primary school journey and indeed he has. He has grown from a timid and shy boy to a sociable and confident teenager.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I would like to specially mention and thank the following teachers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Ms Nancy Aw Yong has been there right from the first day of primary school. She had held his hands to ensure that he had a smooth transition to primary school. Through the years, she has become a source of security and comfort that Justin looks for whenever he is in doubt. Her presence has definitely made his past six years a very pleasant one.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Next, I would like to thank Mrs Chang Swee Lian who was the form teacher in Primary 1 and 2. Her gentle and motherly approach had assured Justin in many ways as he took baby steps to adapt to the new school environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Mdm Siti Nurjihan who was the form teacher for Primary 3 and 4 had worked and co-operated very well with the shadow teacher and together they taught Justin the importance of staying focused and having the right attitude of learning. Under her care, Justin forged a great friendship with his classmate, Dylan, when she partnered the two of them as buddies which is invaluable.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Many thanks to Mr Chan See Meng whom has given Justin what I would like to call 'tough love'. I am appreciative of the many opportunities that he had created for Justin to learn to be independent and to be responsible for his own actions. Justin may have not met success with some of his tests and exams but Mr Chan has always believed in him and never gave up on him. I am grateful for a teacher like him during the last two crucial years of primary school.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Justin had mentioned to me that he is very popular in school as many teachers seem to know his name and for that I could only smile and be thankful. I would like to thank all the teachers who may or may not have taught him and had always been around with a warm smile or a friendly hello. Their simple gestures have most definitely put Justin at ease.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I read that Anderson Primary School will have a new principal from next year. I wish you all the best for your future endeavours. It is heartening to know that we have great principals like you in our education system who will continue to touch the hearts of many young children and nurturing them.&nbsp;</p>
<p>All the best and once again, thank you.</p>
<p>- Mr James and Jessie Foo, Parents of Justin Foo -</p>

<p><em><strong>Compliment from Parent</strong></em></p>
<p>Ms Nadiah who is the form teacher and Ms Esther Chuah who is the Chinese teacher are good teachers who have spent extra time and effort to support Ethan though term 1 and term 2. Ethan has started to enjoy his new school and new friends from July onwards. I want to thank the 2 dedicated Teachers for their extra time and effort. Ms Nadiah has been on TOP of his day to day emotions and she has spent extra time coaching and guiding him. These 2 young ladies have gone the extra mile to see him during lunch and accompany him to his CCA. And Ms Chuah has met Ethan a few times after CCA to have a review with him after his CCA!</p>
<p>I&rsquo;m very thankful for these 2 good teachers to support him into his new school and new home and new friends. And I have thanked them personally many times. But I think they deserve a good award and recognition in school for such heart-warming behaviour towards our children. And we want to see more passionate and good Teachers like them.</p>
<p>- Parents of Ethan Ng, P3.5&nbsp;-</p>
<p><em><u><strong>Compliment from Parent</strong></u></em></p>
<p><u></u>This affirmation is for Mr Ramesh s/o Sivakadacham who is the form teacher of P4.2 from Anderson Primary School.</p>
<p>He inspires, motivates, and encourages students to think out of the box, to learn what&rsquo;s right from wrong, to speak their minds, and to use what they learn in school to help change their lives and the lives of others.</p>
<p>I believe that he is the only teacher to share and update his students frequently about his family, kid and himself. The sharing will enable the students and parents to understand their teacher well and the bonding will be much closer like a family. He acts like a father, the provider, protector and guide for them. He also cares and shows concern and educates his students in their character, discipline, attitude and so on.</p>
<p>He gets to spend a lot of time with his students, so he is able to talk to them and know what&rsquo;s on their minds.</p>
<p>His duty is not as simple as a teacher in school. After school, he has to entertain and promptly respond to all parents and students&rsquo; messages no matter how busy or sick he is and he has never failed or disappointed us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>He will print out extra worksheets to drill the kids and let them keep practicing. When there is ANDRich class every Wednesday, he will try to extend for an hour and a half for his class. He will try his best to slot in time to give extra lessons, even though the ANDRich classes have ended for the whole school.</p>
<p>Mr Ramesh, as a wonderful teacher, you may not realize that good teachers should have good parental qualities. But as good parents, we realize that we don&rsquo;t have exquisite teaching qualities like you. Thank you for taking good care of our child and also your sacrificing your family time for your dear students.</p>
<p>Mr Ramesh has such huge responsibilities yet get so little in return. Great teachers are very hard to come by. There are plenty of teachers around, but not all of them are patient, kind, enthusiastic, knowledgeable, or inspiring.</p>
<p>Thank you, Mr Ramesh, for being my girl, Tan Grasielia&rsquo;s Form Teacher and also her English, Math, Social Studies and ANDventure teacher.</p>
<p>She hopes that you can continue to be her teacher for the next 2 years! No words can express my gratitude for the extra mile you have taken for her.</p>
<p>Thank you so much for being the BEST Teacher at Anderson Primary School</p>
<p>- Ms. Eileen Leong, Mother of Tan Grasielia, P4.2&nbsp;-</p>
<p><em><strong>Compliment from Parent</strong></em></p>
<p>14 May 2018</p>
<p>Dear Mrs Tan Wie Pin (Principal),</p>
<p>Cecilia here, mother of Jovan Lim Chen Yu (class P4.4). May I take this opportunity to thank you the English Language Dept, especially Mrs Redwan &amp; Mdm Aatiyah Tan for their patience, approachable &amp; caring nature; and for giving the children chances to be exposed to areas that they are interested in. Examples, like the recent Share A Book session (which Jovan volunteered during class); the teams' Speech Competition (organised by the Speech Academy), the individual's Speech experience (ref the Arts Busking / Nights Festival), plus the upcoming spelling game show "Word Whiz or Slime Pit" (WWSP).</p>
<p>All these provided positive learnings to Jovan &amp; belief for the other children as well (eg confidence booster, more verbal &amp; expressive, team work &amp; most importantly the "never give up" attitude!)</p>
<p>As not every participation ended up with success... but can see the perseverance in them, as the children are so enthusiastic &amp; harbour good team spirit, include good bonding with the teachers.</p>
<p>Jovan once said (when he was in lower primary)... "Failure is not about failing, failure is about not persevering." Glad he managed to apply this through these speech learnings.</p>
<p>Thanks again school &amp; teachers for grooming children in various aspect - holistically &amp; academically.</p>
<p>- Ms. Cecilia Koh, Mummy of&nbsp;Jovan Lim Chen Yu&nbsp;-</p>
<p><em><strong>Compliment from Parent</strong></em></p>
<p>3 May 2018</p>
<p>Dear Mrs Tan,</p>
<p>My name is Hooi Lin. My daughter, Ruijia Wong, is currently in class 1.7. I am writing this e-mail to share with you how much I appreciate the effort Mrs Redwan has put in to guide Ruijia in the recent Smartkids Asia's public speaking competition.</p>
<p>First of all, I would like to express my gratitude to Mrs Redwan for providing Ruijia with early exposure to public speaking! She not only guided Ruijia to come out with the content of the speech, but she also went the extra mile to provide Ruijia (as well as other children) a few practice sessions to learn the public speaking skills before the competition. Since then, Ruijia has acquired a deep interest in public speaking. And most importantly, I saw my child blossom into a confident person throughout the whole experience.</p>
<p>I once read this quote somewhere, "A good teacher isn't someone who gives the answers out to their kids but is understanding of needs and challenges and gives tools to help other people succeed. " I am glad that Ruijia has met an excellent teacher (Mrs Redwan!!) who unleashes her inner potential. Without Mrs Redwan's guidance, Ruijia would not be where she is today. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.</p>
<p>- Ms. Hooi Lin, Mummy of&nbsp;Ruijia Wong&nbsp;-</p>
<p><em><strong>Compliment from External stakeholder</strong></em></p>
<p>12 March 2018</p>
<p>Dear Sir/Mdm,</p>
<p>I am writing to express my appreciation to Mr Poh Chee Peng, one of the volleyball teachers in Anderson Primary. This is an overdue email but I believe his act of kindness should not go unnoticed.</p>
<p>I was in Anderson Primary School with my basketball team for the North Zone Basketball Championship in February and needed a court for warm up. Mr Poh&rsquo;s CCA was starting but he did not hesitate to remove his volleyball posts to make space for my team. When Anderson&rsquo;s basketball team came down, he even reminded the boys to give us the space because Anderson had already played their match for that day.&nbsp;</p>
<p>It may seem like a small act but we have met other teachers who were not as kind, so the 20 minutes of space sharing means a lot to my team. It takes a teacher with a big heart to do this for children from another school.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank you, Mr Poh.</p>
<p>- Ms. Hui Qi, Basketball Teacher-in-charge Endeavour Primary -</p>
<p><em><strong>Compliment from Parent</strong></em></p>
<p>27 January 2018</p>
<p>Dear Mr. Adam,&nbsp;</p>
<p>I am Luca's mummy. Thank you for teaching Luca art this year. I just want to thank you for inspiring him. He enjoys your lessons so much and always looking forward to attending Thursday's lesson. I love to pick him up on Thursday, because he always look like an artist with paints all over :).&nbsp;</p>
<p>And he always can't wait to share with me what he did in art class. Yesterday, I was pleasantly surprised when requested to paint on weekend - and he rarely does painting at home. Teachers can inspire kids; and you are definitely doing that.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank you so much, Mr Adam.</p>
<p>- Ms. Ivy Tan-Joanny, Mummy of Luca Joanny -</p>