---
title: "2019"
permalink: /about-us/Affirmation-and-Appreciation/permalink2019
description: ""
third_nav_title: Affirmation and Appreciation
---
<p><strong><em><u>Compliments from parents<br /><br /></u></em></strong> 14 December 2019<br /><strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong></p>
<div>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<p>My daughter has just completed her PSLE exams, and I would like to thank you and the teachers at Anderson for providing an excellent learning experience which resulted in getting good grades in the exams and nurturing&nbsp;her to be a good student.</p>
<p>Please convey my thanks to Madam Kaur, Miss Chia, Mrs&nbsp;Ramadhas ans Mrs Stevens -who helped her excel in Tamil and achieve an A*.&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Parent of Saliha Fazly (6.6), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
<p> 23 November 2019</p>
<div>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<p>My son just collected his PSLE results last Thu and we are very happy with his results especially Tamil. He has been failing his Tamil since P5 and quite honestly I was preparing myself that he would fail his PSLE Tamil.&nbsp;</p>
<p>But thanks to Mdm Ramathas, who was very determined to help him pass, and he did. He managed to get a C which was truly a miracle considering how he struggled with the subject.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The effort she took to give him the extra coaching was amazing and I can&rsquo;t thank her enough for the special attention she placed on him. I felt it was only right that I write you this email to thank the school and Mdm Ramathas for her effort and support all these years.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Tamil Teachers in Anderson watch over the kids like their very own, and that makes a lot of difference. </p>
<p>- Parent of Akash (6.5), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
<p> 21 November 2019<br /><strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong></p>
<div>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE PRINCIPAL AND VICE-PRINCIPAL OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<p>I have just attended the P1 Orientation Day on 18 Nov and want to take a moment to thank you and your team for making it such a worthwhile experience.</p>
<p>My wife and I, as parents, are enlightened and at the same time resonated with you and VP Mrs Chng&rsquo;s sharing on establishing a critical Parent-School partnership.</p>
<p>We thought we should express our thankfulness to you and Mrs Chng, and not write to you only when we have negative feedbacks.</p>
<p>Thanks for making it a great start to our journey.</p>
<p>&nbsp;- Mr Roy Tan, Parent of Anderson Primary School -</p>
</div>
<p> 16 November 2019</p>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<div>
</div>
<p>I am writing this email to thank Ms Ng Shin Ding, Form Teacher of Class 2.7 (2019).</p>
<p>Throughout the year, Ms Ng has been very proactive in communicating with me about the class and school's food events to ensure Samuel's safety in school. In the start of the year, Samuel has been apprehensive and not confident in making decisions when handling and purchasing his food during school parties, PSG food treats at class and during recess. Ms Ng has always took the opportunity to go beyond what she was supposed to do:&nbsp;</p>
<p>1. She worked closely with me and ensured that I was alerted (2 days earlier minimally) of any food parties at class and school, professionally and empathetically.</p>
<p>2. With the open communication that she constantly has with me- understanding Samuel's therapies and condition, what he can tolerate and what he can't, and knowing that we are also working closely with him to teach him to read the ingredient lists, understand the consequences and make his own food decisions - she empowers him to make his own decisions with food while making sure the food choices he makes at these parties are safe for him (within his own body threshold) - this has enabled Samuel to grow in confidence and manage his allergies himself.&nbsp;</p>
<p>3. Ms Ng is a thoughtful and skillful teacher in managing pupil's behaviors. She lays out boundaries clearly and Samuel knows them by heart. When Samuel crosses some of these boundaries, Ms Ng has always responded fairly by finding out the reasons and hearing him out first. She would take time to explain why his actions are wrong. Thereafter, she would always communicate with me so that I can also follow up. Because of this, Samuel feels safe in her class. This is because he knows that Ms Ng is a fair teacher and she will listen to him even when he has done something wrong. As a result, there are times when he will come home and readily admits the mistakes he does in school.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I will like to commend Ms Ng for all the efforts in ensuring Samuel's safety while not making him feel out of place in school. Because of the positive experiences he has had this year, he looks forward to going to school daily.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Thank you and please convey my thanks and heartfelt appreciation to Ms Ng.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;- Parent of Samuel Matthias Lee (2.7), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
</div>
<p> 15 November 2019</p>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE PRINCIPAL AND TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<div>
<p>I would like to congratulate you for an amazing academic school year 2019 which happen to be my son's final year.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I wish to personally mention here that early in the first term you conducted P4 - P6 class engagement. On the topic, 'ON THE USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA', you expressed that you are not in favour of primary school students dappling into social media as they are underaged and that it can be distracting and potentially harmful. To make my story short, your powerful message had given me courage enough to talk to my Primary 6 son about my fears and concerns on his usage of various social media hoping that he would at least hear me out. But to my surprise, he gave up his mobile phone and other devices as he realized that those were indeed distracting his studies and that PSLE was just months away. The whole event did not happen as easy as it sounded but improvements had been truly dramatic in terms of school results and in communicating as parent and child. I was so proud of him for his choice and decision.&nbsp;</p>
<p>I would also like to take this opportunity to thank and express my appreciation to all the teachers and the whole APS family for all their amazing work, effort, support and guidance for the past 6 years.&nbsp;</p>
<p>My appreciation and gratitude to:&nbsp;</p>
<p>Mdm Sarabjeet Kaur, for the support and guidance that went on beyond the classroom</p>
<p>Ms Jaime Chia, for her advices and encouragement</p>
<p>Ms Gracia Lim, for believing and encouraging my son&nbsp;</p>
<p>Mr Ben Choo, for all his encouragement as my son struggled in his mother tongue subject</p>
<p>All his past teachers</p>
<p>Brass band CCA teachers-in-charge, Mr Jonathan Lim and Mr Auw for all the hard work, encouragement and opportunities to perform</p>
<p>Student leaders and training teachers in charge - for all the learning opportunities and support</p>
<p>Once again, thank you very much Mdm Hoo for your words of encouragement, and I wish you and Anderson Primary School continued success.</p>
<p>- Parent of Gerard Goh Jing Xian (6.6), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
</div>
<p> 14 November 2019</p>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE PRINCIPAL AND STAFF OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<div>
<p>Thank you for organizing such a fantastic graduation ceremony and more for inviting us parents to the event. It was a happy yet emotional event. I am sure it will stay in our memory for a long time.</p>
<p>My elder daughter, Yu Xin joined Anderson Primary in 2013 as a primary 2 student (she's in Sec 2 now). And with Yu Le joining the following year, we have spent a total of 7 years here. My girls have benefited a lot under the guidance of copiously erudite and patient teachers. With their unwavering support, Yu Xin and Yu Le bloomed.</p>
<p>Under Dr Tan Lee Siang, they were taught the art of recital (朗诵). This is a great help to them in Chinese as they did not really speak much of the language after having spent about 4 years living in the UK.</p>
<p>Mrs Redwan and Mrs Azhar too, guided them in English speech competitions and debate (Yu Xin) and they gained confidence speaking on stage.</p>
<p>Madam Kaur, being their form teacher has taught them well. Not only did she teach them well academically, she guided them in character building and impart moral values that the girls often shared with my husband and I.</p>
<p>Mr Chong Wee Tit has been very patient and very encouraging with their Chinese and especially Higher Chinese.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Mrs Fion Ho, Mr Ramesh and Miss Angela Lee too, has guided Yu Le in her role as Head Prefect. We are grateful for the opportunity and the guidance that comes along. With this, she managed to fulfill her duty without fear and gained much experience in the process.</p>
<p>There are of course many other teachers that I am not able to name. Their confidence and trust in us has made our time at Anderson a stupendous one.</p>
<p>Thank you for a wonderful year! Although it's a short 1 year, we are glad that we even manage to work with you and benefited from your leadership.</p>
<p>- Parent of Ng Yu Le (6.6), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
</div>
<p> 13 November 2019</p>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<div>
<p>I was very delighted when my son, Kareem Andrew Bin Taufiq (5.4), came home yesterday afternoon and announced to me that he will be awarded Best in Malay, Best in Science for his class as well as Best in Drama for his CCA during the Prize Giving Day this coming Friday, 15 November.</p>
<p>I wish to acknowledge that his success is testament to the nurturing efforts of all his teachers in developing him holistically. I wish to especially convey appreciation and gratitude to the following teachers:</p>
<p>Form teacher, Ms Guo, for being a nurturing and attentive form teacher as well as English and Math subject teacher. She is also always prompt in reaching out to parents to address queries and concerns.</p>
<p>Science teacher, Ms Er, for being an excellent and engaging Science teacher who has re-ignited Andrew's love for the subject.</p>
<p>Mother Tongue teacher, Mr Hafiz, who has consistently nurtured Andrew's proficiency in Malay Language especially since he seldom uses Malay to communicate at home.</p>
<p>Drama CCA teacher-in-charge, Mr Huzaifah, for giving many opportunities for Andrew to develop his talents at performing.</p>
<p>Please convey my heartfelt thanks and gratitude to these teachers. Anderson Primary School has always provided a positive learning experience in a child's formative years as Andrew has two older sisters who graduated from the school. They are both now in NTU majoring in English Literature &amp; English Linguistics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Parent of&nbsp;Kareem Andrew Bin Taufiq (5.4), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
</div>
<p> 17 October 2019</p>
<div>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<p>I would like to thank you and other teachers who had given my son, S. Hrishaananth (6.5), wonderful experiences in studies for the past six years and moulded him to become a good student. His primary six teachers ( Mrs. Yeo, Mrs.Ho and Mrs.Ramathas) are very good and motivated him a lot and gave valuable suggestions for improvement during parents teachers meeting. Mrs. Ramathas is a great inspiration to him. She even goes the extra mile on teaching how to prepare timetable and study during the June holidays.My son followed her advice and studied. This helped him to improve very well and got good marks in the Prelims. I am very grateful and I would like to thank all of them.</p>
<p>- Parent of&nbsp;S. Hrishaananth (6.5), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
</div>
<p> 9 October 2019</p>
<div>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE PRINCIPAL AND TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong> </p>
<p>First and foremost, would like to thank you for your leadership and your journeying with the students, teachers, staff and other partners in education, leading Anderson Primary School. I am the parent of Jae Foo (2.7) who is a happy student and joyful learner in your school.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Having attended some of your "Meet-the-Principal" sessions and also by keeping abreast of the on-goings and the activities organized or spearheaded by the school, I am very heartened to see the positive and engaging learning environment APS is.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The purpose of my email is to convey my appreciation to Ms Ng Shin Ding, Form Teacher of Class 2.7. Ms Ng joined APS this year and took over the role of FT for Jae's class. Any doubt or worry parents might have for a change of FT for their children's class, moreover a new joiner, would be totally uncalled for. Ms Ng put us all at ease with her commendable efforts and display of excellency in her role. Understand that it is Ms Ng's first assignment to a primary school, yet she has aced her undertaking with professionalism and passion.</p>
<p>Ms Ng is very well-respected and well-liked by her students despite being firm. Ms Ng would not hesitate to discipline her students for misdeeds, yet she would always ensure that the wrongdoers fully understand the intent of the punishments and all the "punishments" are fair and constructive. To resolve conflicts, Ms Ng always handles them impartially and with much sensitivity, not just among the students but parents as well. Ms Ng would also always ensure matters are communicated. </p>
<p>Going beyond the role of teaching, Ms Ng is very committed and plays a large part in inspiring the young minds. Her lessons are fun and engaging, and she is often sharing educational and useful information with the students and parents. She has been a very encouraging teacher as well. Take for instance, my boy was selected as the assistant class monitor in the beginning of the year, much to the surprise of many. However, Ms Ng chose not to pass any judgement on my boy's boisterous nature, but believed in seeing the other qualities in him. She said that Jae has leadership qualities and is a responsible boy. With the right guidance and the opportunity given, he would bloom. I truly appreciate her forward thinking. Indeed my boy grew from the experience and that also helped boost his confidence and morale. For many months, instead of punishing my boy for his bad handwriting, Ms Ng patiently encourages him to work on his penmanship. She would also commend him when he showed improvement, thus motivated him to keep trying.</p>
<p>Another example I would like to share with you would be a "lesson" Ms Ng has taught the class. One day, coming home from his Learning Journey from the Science Centre, Jae talked to me about fear. He said that many people would think that only children has fear but not adults and that is wrong. He continued to explain that "Adults, like parents, have their fear too. They fear and worry about getting old, about having to leave their children and loved ones behind. This fear is very real." I was very moved to hear all these and learnt from Jae that Ms Ng shared it in class today. There is so much takeaway in Ms Ng's sharing. Firstly, she has addressed to the kids that it is normal to have fears and how to handle fear bravely and positively. On another level, her sharing would also let the kids be more thoughtful and appreciative of their parents, and be less self-entitled. Jae, in fact, hugged me after sharing with me and he thanked me for my love.</p>
<p>I am thankful to have had many years of close relationship and partnership with schools when I was leading the PSG as their chairperson and subsequently as their Advisory Chairperson of another school, and having many friends who are school leaders and teachers, and amongst all, Ms Ng stood out as one of the great educators. It is my heartfelt joy to share my appreciation of Ms Ng to you. She is an exemplary teacher and one who works in sync with the school vision and mission. We would like to thank her and feel that she deserves our mention and affirmation for her dedication. Her students would soar under her wings.</p>
<p>I thank you for your time with this letter and wishing all staff of APS a fulfilling Term 4.&nbsp;</p>
<p>- Parent of Jae Foo (2.7), student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
</div>
<p> 13&nbsp;July 2019</p>
<p><strong>LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong></p>
<p dir="ltr">We applaud the Tamil teachers for their dedication teaching. They adopt innovative methods of teaching to make the learning process fun and interesting. Ignatius who hardly spoke Tamil at home started singing Tamil songs taught by Mrs Ramathas. This has encouraged and motivated him to engage more on the language. We appreciate the tremendous effort they made during the Tamil month and was surely impressed.&nbsp;</p>
<p dir="ltr">Most of all we would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to Mrs Ada Ang, the form teacher of P1.4. She is a caring and committed teacher who put in great efforts to make the best of Ignatius&rsquo; potential. She not only educated him but also pointed out to us the best qualities Ignatius had which we often fail to recognize in our busy schedule. As parents, we are heartened to see our child being guided and nurtured with positive dispositions towards learning and character building which surely have built a strong foundation in Ignatius this last 6 months. We are very grateful to Mrs Ang for the time and care she has given to our son.</p>
<p dir="ltr">- Parents of Ignatius Nicholas (1.4), former student of Anderson Primary School (2019) -</p>
<hr />
</div>
<p><strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong><strong><em><u>Compliments from a member of the public<br /></u></em></strong> 1 November 2019<strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong><strong><br />LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE STUDENTS AND TEACHERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL<br /></strong><strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong>I am writing this note to thank Faiz (2.5) for returning my son's student pass. I am tryuly grateful and happy to know that we have such thoughtful students from Anderson Primary School.<br /><br />Please convey my gratitude to Faiz and let his teachers, school mates and parents know of his good deed. He is a good role model for his peers to follow.<br /><strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong>- Mr Nicholas David, a member of the public -<strong><em><u><br /><br /><br />Compliments through Ms Ho Jiayan from the Straits Times School Pocket Money Fund (STSPMF)<br /><br /></u></em></strong> 12 June 2019<strong><em><u><br /></u></em></strong></p>
<div>
<p><strong><br />LETTER OF APPRECIATION TO THE PRINCIPAL, TEACHERS AND STAFF MEMBERS OF ANDERSON PRIMARY SCHOOL</strong></p>
<p dir="ltr">I am Jay Ng from Raffles Institution. I came from a small family, with no siblings.&nbsp;</p>
<p dir="ltr">I want to express my gratitude to my primary school principal, Mrs Tan Wie Pin, and all of my teachers, especially Mrs Redwan Norlina Ahmadi who gave me lot of encouragement, Mr Edmund Liang and Mr Alan Tan who helped me overcome my difficulties in Mathematics, and last but not least Ms Er Siew Shin who gave me lots of inspiration for Science. I previously disliked Science as I found it difficult and tedious but Ms Er helped me improve and overcome it. She took time to clarify all my doubts, and she made Science interesting for me. Because of her efforts, Science has become one of my favourite and strongest subject.&nbsp;</p>
<p dir="ltr">Thank you Anderson Primary School for helping achieve good results during PSLE 2018.</p>
<p dir="ltr"><br />- Jay Ng, Alumni of Anderson Primary School (2018) -</p>
</div>